Update scenario management overview from develop (#571)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/tutorials/complete_applications/scenario_management_overview/step_08/step_08.md

> You can download the code for
<a href="./../src/step_08.py" download>Step 8</a> 
or all the steps <a href="./../src/src.zip" download>here</a>. 

# Comparing scenarios

*Estimated Time for Completion: 15 minutes; Difficulty Level: Advanced*

![](config_08.svg){ width=700 style="margin:auto;display:block;border: 4px solid rgb(210,210,210);border-radius:7px" }

> Taipy provides a mechanism to compare data nodes of scenarios by providing a function directly into the scenario's configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Taipy offers a way to compare data nodes across scenarios by including a function directly in the configuration of the scenario.
```

## Step 1: The first step consists in declaring on which data nodes to apply the comparison functions:

> In this example, we want a comparison applied to the '_output_' Data Node. It is indicated in the comparators parameter of the `configure_scenario()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we want to apply a comparison to the '_output_' Data Node. It is indicated in the comparators parameter of the `configure_scenario()`.
```
